This class mostly contains methods generated by SmaCC (in the 'generated' protocol.

It also contains some hand-written methods to deal with indentation, 
and a cluster of instance variables for the same purpose.

The 'token-actions' methods are executed by the Scanner whenever the
eponymous token is matched.  This requires a little hacking for left and right braces, since "{} and "}" are not legal method names.  This is implemented in the GraceParser class >> # initialize method.

## instance variables ##
  - braceDepth
        0 at the top-lebvel; increases by 1 for each pair of braces that we are inside.
  - currentLineIndent
        The indent of the line that has just 

  - maxIndentOfContinuation
        If we are processing a second of subsequenrt continuation line, this is the
        indent of the prior continuation line, which must also be the maximum indent
        seen during this continuation.  If we are not processing a continuation, this
        variable is irrelevant.
  - indentOfLineBeingContinued
        nil if this not a continuation line, otherwise , the indent of the original line
        that this line continues.  Note that this may not be the same as the index of the 
        prior line, because there may be several cointinuation lines.
  - indentStack
        An OrderedCollection used as a stack to record the lexically-enclosing
        indentations.  Note that a continuation line does not  change the indent stack,
        only entering or exiting a block contained by braces.
  - lineStarts
        An ordered collection containing the character position of the start of each line.
        If the input is a SmaCCLineNumberStream, this is redundant with eolPositions
        in that stream.  They are not identical, though, because lineStarts come just after
        the eol.
   - newlineChars
        A constant containing all of the characters that are considered as ending a line.
        This must be consistent with the token definition in SmaCC, but excludes the
        spaces used to create the intentation.
  - priorLineBraceDepth
        The braceDepth of the previous line, that is, the prior value of braceDepth.
  - priorLineIndent
        The indent of the previous line, that is, the prior value of currentIndent.
